Fix indicatorField mapping when running init command on a contribution zip (#2277)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in the **validate** command where incident fields were not found in mappers even when they exist
* Added an ability to provide list of marketplace names as a param attribute to **validate** and **upload**
* Added the file type to the error message when it is not supported.

> * Fixed an issue where indicatorfield was mapped to incidentfield directory in a contribution zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `contribution_converter` incorrectly mapped _Indicator Field_ objects to the _incidentfield_ directory in contribution zip files.
```
